# Google Analytics tracking code for SilverStripe 3
Extension to add Google Analytics tracking code to your SilverStripe templates.

It includes tracking for all external links & "assets" downloads using pure JavaScript,
so no external libraries are needed.

## Features
* Unobtrustive tracking - attaches to document.body.onclick and monitors all clicks at time of click,
rather than on page load (ie: works with links including those generated by Ajax etc on the page after page load).
* File downloads (from the assets folder) are tracked as events "Downloads".
* Outgoing links are tracked as events "Outgoing Links".
* Tracking for both outgoing links and downloads have built-in (500ms) delay if no target is set
to allow for GA tracking.
* Tracking of 404 & 500 page errors (tracked as an events) -
Note: you must **Save & Publish** both your error pages after module installation.
* Development mode is commented out to prevent false tracking. It only actually works in **live mode**.

## Requirements
* SilverStripe 3+

## Usage
In your _config.php or _ss_environment.php add your GA tracking code
<pre>define('GaTrackingCode', 'UA-xxxxxx');</pre>
as well as an *optional* secondary tracker
<pre>define('GaTrackingCodeSecondary', 'UA-yyyyyy');</pre>

To include tracker with external JavaScript resource (download/outgoing tracking), simply add
<pre>$GoogleAnalytics</pre>
or to include tracker and download/outgoing tracking **inline**, simply add
<pre>$GoogleAnalyticsInline</pre>

To start tracking, make sure your website is in Live mode
<pre>define('SS_ENVIRONMENT_TYPE', 'live');</pre>
